In terms of defining my scientific brand, while I’m much too modest to even try to address the question of what makes me special, I do know who I am. I am someone with a deep appreciation for the world around me and the many mysteries it contains. For better or worse, I am very much a scientific romantic, someone who still has a deep appreciation for what the discipline as a whole started as, those fundamental ideals that science embodied when it was still being referred to as the ‘natural philosophy’ in Western Europe at the turn of the Enlightenment. I don’t think this is a very profitable or lucrative approach to doing science these days; the domain and her incentives are much too complicated for such overly rosy pictures of scientific mystery and discover. Yet, all the same, to say I am here as a graduate student for any other reason than that I like to understand the world around me would be nothing short of a lie. I like to understand if for no other reason than I feel less alone when I do.
For reasons touched on above, however, I certainly do not think this is a good basis for a scientific brand, though. I think a better approach for me is to discuss my goals (I emphasize “goals” over goal, as I’m not sure I have a single goal in mind when it comes to why I wanted a career in the sciences). While I most often speak of my connection to my tribe and my deep commitment to service as a foundational motivator for my journey here, that would best be served as a conversation for another time. Another goal I am deeply passionate about is scientific communication.  I’ve been blessed to grow up in an era with a myriad of amazing scientific storytellers like WelchLabs, Vertitasium and 3blue1brown, and—while popsci and the like has its fair criticisms—I’ve found a deep appreciation for the way the mix such technical topics with elegant storytelling. If I do nothing else with my career, I hope it’s being able to, at least once, shine a proper light on a very interesting story hidden in the depths of technical detail, notation, and scientific articles. 

